Enable the usage of local custom modules (#10)
Donien/ansible-collection-icinga_contrib: roles/icingaweb2_modules/README.md

      The version / tag for Git installation (e.g. `version: "v2.0.2"`)
    - `enabled`: `boolean`  
      If `true`, enables the module. If `false`, disables the module. If not set, does nothing.
    - `remote_source:` `boolean`

>       Set it to `false` to copy archive module from Ansible controller to target host. Useful when `source` set to `archive`. Defualt `true`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      If set to `false`, the archive is copied from the Ansible controller to the managed node. Only has an effect if `source` is set to `archive`.  
      This is useful when the managed node cannot freely access the given URL, e.g. no access to the internet.  
      Default: `true`
```
